After a long walk
the night comes
The wind and the conch, the flowers and the conch
The flowers are blooming, the flowers are blooming
The flowers of the conch are still blooming
The flowers are still blooming
The wind and the conch, the flowers and the conch
The dog is happy, the cat is happy
The cat is in a corner and is round
The snow and the conch, the flowers and the conch
The brush, the brush is covered with a cloth
The conch and the flowers are still blooming
The flowers are still blooming
The wind and the conch, the flowers and the conch
The dog is happy, the cat is happy
The cat is in a corner and is round
Spring has come, spring has come, the conch is round
The birds have come to the mountain, to the village
The flowers are blooming, the flowers are blooming
The conch is round
The mountains are blooming, the mountains are blooming
The birds are blooming
Translated by Releska